=No Pain No Gain=
(Adapted from the Qidian novel)
("Losing Money to Be a Tycoon"
by Qingshan Quzui)
=Episode 10=
(This story is purely fictional.)
Want to get a gym membership?
15% off for new members.
Weren't you working in the car shop?
You're the boss
who bought a car from me!
Hi!
You're not selling cars anymore?
Why are you distributing fliers here?
My sales record didn't make the cut,
so I got fired.
You didn't make the cut?
You just sold a car two days ago, right?
That's the only car I've sold.
Understood.
Are you interested
in a new job?
Hello.
I'm the new manager, Tian Mo.
I'm Li Yaling.
Let's take a tour.
That's right. I have a question.
Xingniao Gym is a chain
but many of its branches closed down.
However, Mr. Pei insists
on acquiring our headquarters.
Does he intend
to run this gym seriously?
Mr. Pei said he was serious.
Why did I hear him say
he wants
to replace all the equipment here
for new ones?
Actually, our equipment here
is already the best in the industry,
and they are well maintained.
So, I think
we can continue using it.
But Mr. Pei wants to replace everything.
What about the members?
I heard he wouldn't
accept all the original members.
He wanted to transfer them
to other branches
and pay the compensation
for breaching the contract.
Should you discuss this with him?
Mr. Pei insists on the transfer.
Compared to our last manager, you are
more gentle.
But let me tell you.
It's not easy working in this industry.
Really?
Look.
Where is this gym located?
The CBD.
Every inch of land is expensive.
The rent is unimaginably high.
Look at the fitness equipment.
If Mr. Pei is
going to replace everything,
do you know how much it'll cost?
More than a million yuan.
The pool.
Do you see anyone using it?
Only a few use it a month
but you need to maintain it every day.
Next, personal trainers.
Do you think everyone
can attract members just like me?
But you still need
to pay their salaries.
Tell me.
Who will be the one
taking all these responsibilities?
Who?
Selling classes?
It's doing sales all over again.
What else do you think?
Personal trainers are doing sales.
I'm planning to resign anyway.
I won't be working
in this industry anymore.
Why am I going back to doing sales?
That's right, Ms. Yaling.
Mr. Pei asked me to tell you
that no matter what you say,
he will pay you triple
with no sales requirements.
Pay me triple
with no sales requirements?
Then, I think
I can still work
in this industry.
Then,
how does Mr. Pei
plan to run the gym?
♪Danger's in control♪
Here's Mr. Pei's plan.
♪Sometimes I intimidate♪
♪I know where I'm going♪
Last set.
Hello.
"Last Set"
doesn't exist in our gym.
Just lie down if you feel like it.
We uphold an enjoyable life
without competition.
♪Too hot to handle♪
Sleep.
Let go of all your worries.
Enjoy a calm life.
♪You're going to know now♪
What's the meaning of this?
(Xingniao Gym)
Can't I apply for a membership?
No. That's not it, Sir.
Our boss doesn't need you
to apply for a monthly,
seasonal, or annual membership.
Fine. You still don't let me
apply for a membership.
This is a huge gym, but you don't allow
me to apply for a membership.
What's the meaning of this?
Sir,
let me explain it to you.
Our gym has no memberships.
If you apply for a membership
and don't visit often,
wouldn't that be a waste?
We only charge by visits.
If you visit one day,
you'll pay for one day.
After you are done working out,
just scan the QR code to pay.
You should've said that sooner.
Let me scan the QR code.
Manager,
is there a personal trainer here?
I can pay for a personal trainer.
Sir, sorry.
As requested by our boss,
please do your own workout.
We don't provide
any personal trainer services.
That's...
Eat as much as you want.
Drink as much as you want.
Manager Tian,
my whole career before this tells me
that Mr. Pei is going in
the completely opposite direction.
Customers come to work out
to build muscles and lose fat.
Moreover, most customers
can only achieve this goal
through the coach's restrictions.
Mr. Pei's arrangements
are going in the opposite direction
from the customers' needs.
Didn't you say the gym business
is a business
where the bad crowd out the good?
Perhaps Mr. Pei is trying
to change this industry.
My years of working experience
have crumbled.
But Mr. Pei insists on doing this.
It's not enough
to have me alone as the trainer.
All the previous trainers resigned.
We must hire some new ones.
Mr. Pei says
he already has candidates in mind.
- Hello, Manager Tian.
- Everyone is ready.
- They can begin work at anytime.
Ms. Yaling.
Are these the coaches hired by Mr. Pei?
Mr. Pei said
these were the elites
of DreamForge Capital.
Come on.
They might look thin
but perhaps
they are good at getting sales?
Help me out.
Try harder!
Harder!
That's amazing.
Where's everyone?
I'm here.
Why isn't anyone here?
Someone's here.
Where's everyone?
I...
Where's...
You scared me.
Where's everyone?
Mr. Pei said the gym is opening
and needs manpower.
He took them all away.
Yes.
Our shared phone booth project
has already been decided.
We should indeed put
more focus
on the gym.
Everyone needs to go there.
Tang, are you fine with the workload?
I'm fine.
I'm relieved to hear that.
These juniors of mine
should finally start training.
They should train a little, at least.
All right!
What a lunatic.
(DreamForge Capital)
Tian,
should we give out some flyers?
We will be officially open soon.
But Mr. Pei asked us not to do anything.
We just need to wait
for the customers to show up.
Can you stop telling me
about what Mr. Pei said?
If you can trust the boss's words,
do you think this gym would close down?
We can obey his ideologies
but there needs to be someone
who can let him instill his ideologies.
We should go give out flyers.
But Mr. Pei said
we must obey him
and not find any work to do.
Then...
We must keep these sloths
in check, right?
I asked Mr. Pei about it
but he said just let them do anything
that they are comfortable with.
How could Mr. Pei
say something like that?
If the customers come here
and see the coaches
idling around,
do you think that's appropriate?
Mr. Pei.
What did you say just now?
She said
we should keep these sloths in check.
The enterprise ideology
has been fully upgraded.
We have a new name now.
(Xingniao Gym)
(Sloth Gym)
(Workout Exercises)
(Sleep Yoga)
(Closing Notice)
Mr. Pei, everything's almost ready.
Sloth Gym.
How brave.
Someone actually took over this shop.
You are...
I'm the boss of
Steady Fitness Club opposite here.
Congratulations.
Steady Fitness Club,
you must do your best
to defeat us, Sloth Gym.
I'll help you out.
Hello.
Steady Fitness Club. Find out more.
Right across this place.
It has many promotions.
What am I actually seeing?
Steady Fitness Club. Find out more.
Right across this place.
It has many promotions.
Steady Fitness Club.
Right across this place.
(Budget Quotation)
With Sloth Gym by my side,
my plan to lose money is now fortified.
Designer Liang,
the budget for renovation
can now be increased.
Change the balcony
into a sunroom for my cat.
Mr. Pei.
Come in.
Sibo,
why do you look so serious?
Mr. Pei,
regarding Zhongdian Web Fiction...
I know all about it.
When something new comes out,
everyone should go through
the process of accepting it.
Don't worry. I'm sure
it'll get better.
Yes.
Mr. Pei, I want to discuss
the current situation
of Zhongdian Web Fiction.
We wanted
to invite a scholarly celebrity
to endorse it
but their charges are too expensive.
Sibo,
Zhongdian Web Fiction
is already doing well enough.
Why do you want
to hire a celebrity to endorse...
Their charges are high?
Yes. They bring popularity
but their charges are high,
so the cost-performance ratio is low.
Mr. Pei,
can we consider
getting some popular webnovel authors?
Although they don't bring in
as much popularity as celebrities,
they can improve
our content and reputation.
Therefore...
Wrong!
Your focus is wrong.
What is the main thing
about Zhongdian Web Fiction?
We need to bring in more popularity.
Content and reputation are things
that we should be working on
in the next phase.
There's no cap on the budget.
Find me someone
with a lot of popularity.
All right.
(Mingyun Villa)
Mr. Lu is really handsome.
Ms. Agent.
Just call me Mandy.
Mandy.
Mr. Lu
has been on the rise.
Your team is very professional as well.
Thank you.
Wait.
(Life's Advice)
Mandy.
Thank you for your trust.
I think you've seen
200% of Mr. Pei's sincerity
in this collaboration.
This is a small gift from Mr. Pei.
Thank you.
Mr. Huang,
to be honest,
Yao normally only does
endorsements for luxurious brands.
We don't usually
work with startup companies.
However,
Yao's image
is indeed scholarly.
We are also trying to present him
as someone who is highly knowledgeable.
That is why we are willing
to give your company an opportunity.
I see.
Mandy,
what books
does Mr. Lu like to read usually?
We can arrange
some activities to promote books
according to his book list.
You can ask him yourself.
Mr. Lu.
If you have a book that you recommend,
we can promote it as well.
Mr. Lu, what kind of books
do you usually like to read?
He usually reads many books
so he doesn't remember them suddenly.
Yes.
That happens to me often.
It's almost time.
Mr. Huang,
if there aren't any problems,
let's proceed.
We still have a Hollywood project
to discuss later.
We have to leave.
Sure.
Let's have a wonderful cooperation.
Thank you.
Be careful.
Your gift!
It feels amazing
to return to the modern era.
I'm back!
- Bao, welcome back!
- Welcome back!
Thank you!
Enjoy.
Thank you.
Bao, you are finally back. Take it slow.
You don't know
how much I craved this bite out there.
How pitiful.
Traveling for a few days
is a form of recreation,
but I might not be able to take it
if I'm out traveling
for months and years.
Indeed.
Bao, you are getting fit now.
You can become a trainer at Sloth Gym.
Sloth Gym?
What is Sloth Gym?
Sloth Gym
is a new gym that Mr. Pei invested in.
What?
Gosh.
I think I've lost track of society.
Do you know?
Mr. Pei wanted me
to go to every tourist attraction
and interact with the locals.
He also wanted me to capture videos.
There wasn't a day
when I could stay
at the hotel without stress.
The signal abroad was also bad.
I felt like
I've lost contact with all of you.
Tell me. What else
happened in the company
that I don't know about?
The test version of Returning to Shore
will soon be released.
So soon?
Rest for two days
and come to the office to test it out.
Sure.
Bao, take it slow. Don't choke.
(Shenhua International)
(Return to Shore)
Testing of Return to Shore begins now.
The game has two modes.
The first mode is Free Poem Recital mode
and the other mode is Poem Battle mode.
Bao, using an external controller
elevates the gaming experience.
Use my account.
Sure.
I can't wait.
(Loading)
Bao,
are you sure
you don't need me
to give you a demonstration?
According to Mr. Pei's request,
the difficulty of this game
has been increased.
Don't worry.
I've played every type
of difficult games.
Bao,
I made my character well, right?
Does it look exactly like me?
Not bad.
Bao,
I've completed the tutorial.
You can begin the battle right away.
(Continue)
Just play as you wish.
No game is too tough for me.
So cool.
Yes.
Not bad.
Bao,
attack.
Do your best!
Do your best, Bao!
Bao, it's time. Use the ultimate attack.
Use the ultimate attack.
I can't.
- Use the ultimate attack, Bao!
- Bao!
The ultimate attack.
The ultimate attack, Bao!
I can't.
Bao!
Now! Quick!
(Dead)
Game Over.
What's going on?
Mr. Pei requests
voice control in the game.
In Free Poem Recital mode,
when you use an ultimate attack,
you need to recite a poem you know
and state its dynasty and author
before you can use the attack.
I was careless.
Again.
Bao, do your best.
Go!
Bao, do your best!
The goose
sings towards the sky.
Its white feathers
float above azure waters.
- Its red feet swim under the surface.
(Dead)
Game Over.
What's wrong?
Didn't I recite the poem?
You're an adult
and that's the only poem you know?
Even your three-year-old nephew
is better than this.
This is
the taunting system
requested by Mr. Pei.
In Free Poem Recital mode,
Mr. Pei said simple poems
that we learned as children,
such as "Ode to the Goose"
and "The Peasants"
cannot be used.
They won't activate the ultimate attack.
Mr. Pei...
I didn't realize
how much he loves Chinese culture.
But...
I've almost
forgotten everything
I learned in school.
It'll be too late
if I search while playing.
It's fine, Bao.
We'll work together.
Anyone who remembers a poem
will recite it.
- All right!
- Okay!
Come on.
Again.
Li Bai from the Tang Dynasty.
Cutting the water but it still flows.
Hurry.
Next sentence.
Continue.
What's next?
(Dead)
Game Over.
Are you stuck?
That's how you memorize poems?
How did you graduate?
You should go back
to the first year of primary school.
I'm not familiar with it.
Can't I do it slowly?
Mr. Pei requested this.
You must recite it in time.
It must be difficult enough
for it to be a souls-like genre.
Again!
Shao You of the Qin Dynasty.
A true meeting is worth more
than countless ordinary encounters.
(Dead)
Game Over.
Shaoyou has the surname Qin.
His full name is Qin Shaoyou.
A poet from the Northern Song Dynasty.
Qin Shaoyou isn't a Qin Dynasty poet
called Shao You.
Confucius from
the Spring and Autumn Period.
As Heaven is ceaseless in its motion,
the noble person never stops striving.
(Dead)
Game Over.
This is from Zhou Yi.
It's not an ancient poem.
Modern, Vincent Fang.
Your hair is as white as snow.
Your departure is pitiful.
Hey, those are lyrics.
Not a poem.
Amazing.
Your knowledge
actually silenced the system.
(Dead)
Game Over.
I'm not playing anymore.
I'm going to travel.
I love traveling!
Du Fu from the Tang Dynasty.
Turning to see my wife,
I find her worries gone;
I roll up my books in wild joy,
almost mad with delight.
Great!
Zhou Bangyan
from the Northern Song Dynasty.
Within the painted scene,
I recognize that face I once knew.
Cao Pi from the Three Kingdoms.
When sorrow comes,
I think of you and dare not forget;
Before I know it,
tears fall, soaking my robe.
Aisin Gioro Hongli
from the Qing Dynasty.
Gathering and sifting
through the Siku archives,
selecting from them
what's fair and worthy to pass on.
Each man expresses loyal intent,
worthy of being recorded.
Though words may be taboo,
we endure and preserve them.
Better to be critical
than to blindly praise.
It's no shame to not be those
who praise without substance.
Those who offend people
with honest words loyally
deserve admiration and pity.
(Victory)
Huang, you're knowledgeable!
Huang!
Mr. Huang!
I need to address you respectfully.
Why don't you release a strategy pack?
Use 100 poems
that everyone must memorize as a guide.
Otherwise, no one will be able
to complete the game.
Mr. Pei was the one
who came up with this game.
Mr. Pei is talented.
I dare not do this.
Let Mr. Pei play it.
I'm sure he'll do well.
Sure.
I win!
If you enter here,
you can start to recite poems.
After reciting the poem,
you can use the ultimate attack.
A gentleman never...
(Dead)
Game Over.
Free Poem Recital mode?
For you, it's a Free Dying mode instead.
It is difficult indeed.
Let me choose an easier mode for you.
When you attack,
the screen will show you
half of the poem.
You need to recite the second half
within three seconds.
Then, you can attack.
(A gentleman never...)
A gentleman...
Game Over.
I told you you'd die.
Just quit the game now.
This is even more difficult
than I imagined.
Did I misunderstand you?
The difficulty of every game now
is slightly greater.
Later, I'll ask Lv
to decrease the game's difficulty.
No need.
Just use this difficulty.
Keep increasing the boss's power.
I never expected
you guys to fulfill all my requests
and develop
such a game.
(The osprey calls)
Huang!
Save me, Huang!
You don't know this?
The osprey calls;
On the river islet.
Huang.
Drinking makes the sorrows worse.
What did you two learn in school?
Huang! Help!
Attack it. Attack it.
(Please choose your stage)
This is a little tough.
If I do not come,
will you still not appear?
Huang.
Yes.
Help me recite this.
All I see is the Yangtze River
flowing to the horizon.
Huang!
♪Rising one by one♪
It's a smooth sailing journey.
Huang, over here!
Help us out.
Coming!
Huang, over here!
Sure. Ladies first.
In June, West Lake's view
is like no other time.
Its view...
Lotus leaves stretch to the horizon,
flowers blush in the sun's prime.
In June, West Lake's view
is like no other time.
Lotus leaves stretch to the horizon,
flowers blush in the sun's prime.
West Lake's view is like no other time.
Bamboo staff and straw shoes
are lighter than a horse.
In my raincoat,
I roam through mist and drizzle at ease.
I rarely speak in my life.
But when I do,
a single word moves thousands.
Jewels of beauties and seals of kings...
They all come
from beneath the waves and sand.
You don't even know this?
They all come
from beneath the waves and sand.
My men have investigated this.
Everyone in Tengda
has been
memorizing poems recently.
Memorizing poems?
What is the purpose
of memorizing these poems?
Pei Qian has been doing things
with an unorthodox method.
So, there must be
an unknown
and ruthless reason for doing this.
I heard
his private kitchen
was not doing well,
so he started a web novel website
called Zhongdian Web Fiction.
Zhongdian Web Fiction?
It doesn't sound auspicious.
Is doing web fiction
something that costs a lot of money?
Pei Qian is probably
trying to venture
into the literature industry
or even more.
For example,
doing IP rights
through literature
before going
into the entertainment business.
I know Pei Qian very well.
He is ambitious.
He will not stop easily
in any industry!
Do you think
Pei Qian is indeed a far-sighted man?
However,
people fail to see the
cloud-piercing tree when it is young,
waiting until it towers high
before calling it great.
Perhaps
he has been waiting for someone
who really knows
and understands him.
As the saying goes,
a shared cup of wine makes us friends.
There's no need for two people
to know each other for a long time.
Pei Qian!
I see you!
Do you see me?
I'm not tired of working overtime.
It's normal to work overtime.
It's nothing.
The new game I'm working on
will be launched soon.
This is important.
I really don't want to go back.
Mom.
I still have things to do.
I'm hanging up.
Sorry, Mr. Pei.
Did you hear everything?
Here. Have a candy.
It improves your mood.
I actually feel like drinking alcohol.
Just make do with this.
Alcoholic chocolate.
Next time,
I'll place some nice alcohol here.
Why are you here?
Didn't Mr. Qiao test the new game?
He raised a few issues,
so I figured I'd come
and make some changes.
You are a good boss.
No.
I'm not a good boss.
Look.
I hired you
and I gave all this work to you.
Because of my tyranny,
you have no choice
but to work overtime in secret.
Actually,
your parents' concern is reasonable.
Shenhua is good.
If you go back,
you'll surely do better
than in Tengda Games.
Moreover, your parents' business
is going very well.
They know a lot better than you and me.
You should discuss it with them.
That's how you solve a problem.
You must listen to them.
Understand?
I think I get it.
My parents are definitely
more knowledgeable than I am.
I will tell them my opinion.
They might understand me.
Thank you, Mr. Pei.
I won't be working overtime today, then.
You don't need to.
I'll go back
and talk to my parents
about why I'm staying in Tengda.
Bye.
Mr. Pei,
did your employee misunderstand you?
Previously, I said
there were only
a few pieces of good equipment,
so they should improve
the ones that are weaker.
Now,
they even nerfed the good ones.
Yes.
Look.
If I nerf the good weapons,
doesn't it mean
the others have been improved?
It matches the theory of relativity.
You...
Is that how you understand it?
I also suggested
you decrease the boss's difficulty.
Not only did you not decrease it,
but you even increased the difficulty
of the later bosses.
When I increase the difficulty
of the bosses later,
doesn't it mean the bosses in front
are now easier to defeat?
I...
Fine.
I even asked you to consider
the harshness of how you taunt gamers.
Right now...
I did.
Look. I added many puns
in the voice system.
Gamers have to think about it
after they hear it.
There's a buffer now,
so it won't be as harsh.
Sure.
There's no problem now.
I won't bother you.
Is this how
they are playing games nowadays?
You'll suffer more
in the future, Mr. Qiao.
I'll continue
with the rest after this.
Mr. Pei,
not many people
are visiting the Shared Phone Booth.
Business at Sloth Gym
also doesn't look good.
Why don't we cut our losses
and invest in projects
that can make money?
Mr. Pei,
we spent a lot
on Lu Zhiyao's endorsement fees.
However, it didn't bring much
to the website.
His fans
only care about liking
and commenting on his selfies.
Not many people
actually visit the website.
I'm already reflecting on myself deeply.
This time,
I might have disappointed you.
Mr. Pei,
according to our plan,
Return to Shore will be
launched at the end of this month.
Marketing gave a few proposals,
but Lv and I think it's not suitable.
I won't be going through.
Just make your own decision.
If you think we are lacking
in marketing budget,
I can provide more.
We must make sure
that the game is launched on time.
Sibo.
You didn't disappoint me.
This money spent was
worth it.
Did you forget
the ideology of Dreamforge Capital?
Profit is not important.
The most important thing is...
To have dreams.
Yes.
I think my wings have been clipped.
Ma,
the journey to one's dream
won't be successful immediately.
Be persistent on the journey.
Time tests people
as distance tests a horse.
Mr. Pei, you seem like
you're in a good mood.
No.
I've been
very anxious recently.
Look.
Zhongdian Web Fiction,
DreamForge Capital,
and Return to Shore
will all be launched soon.
Tengda is now blooming on all ends.
If you are persistent,
you will see
that all your dreams have bloomed.
All your dreams have bloomed.
Your pitch was off.
(Multi-Front Loss Strategy:
Human Management,)
(DreamForge, Games,
and Zhongdian Web Fiction)
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to
"What Happens in the Gaming Industry?"
This morning at ten,
Tengda Games
launched a new game, Return to Shore.
(Return to Shore)
It received lots of feedback quickly.
What is this stupid game?
Is Tengda joking?
Lousy game.
What kind of crazy game is this?
I can't use the ultimate attack at all.
Why must I recite a poem
while playing a game?
(Souls-like games are hard enough)
(and you're asking me
to recite poems?)
(Am I playing a game
or going to an exam?)
(This is torturing the gamers.)
(Those who have yet
to play this game, beware.)
(It's difficult just for the sake of it.
There's no playability at all.)
(Everyone, turn back while you can.)
(The system kept taunting the gamers.)
(You should be
worshiping your customers.)
(Is it fun laughing at us?)
You are right.
You get me.
Come in.
Mr. Pei.
There's an emergency situation.
Many people are
scolding Tengda on the Internet.
Calm down.
I see everything.
The negative feedback
is posted between
It's obvious
that someone is trying to bash us.
Do we have proof?
Perhaps these are all
real feedback from gamers.
Some of the feedback is true,
but we have indeed been attacked.
I investigated it.
It's the company
that worked with Sky Fire.
Yes.
It must be Zhou Muyan.
I'm sure he was the one attacking us.
We are innocent.
When facing haters,
time will prove everything.
If we try to argue and fight back,
we will be no different from them.
This is against Tengda's values.
(What even is Return to Shore?)
(I won't even play it even if it's free.)
(Sky Fire is the best
at developing games.)
(I'll only play games
developed by Sky Fire.)
(Tengda Games is bad.)
(I'll only play games from Sky Fire.)
Marketing timed it well.
Return to Shore
will never become famous.
Well done.
Go and celebrate tonight.
Mr. Zhou,
Return to Shore
is full of bad feedback on the Internet.
We have
achieved some progress in stages.
It's Friday.
Everyone has been on standby this month.
Give them
this weekend off.
Understood.
At DreamForge Capital,
Shared Phone Booth and
Sloth Gym are losing money.
Zhongdian Web Fiction
is also losing money.
Return to Shore
has a high production cost.
It has made a huge loss indeed.
The project was launched.
Calculation will be
at the end of the month.
Barring any surprises, Mr. Pei,
you will soon
realize a high profit for yourself.
Xin,
you've worked hard.
Reduce the cost for me.
It's fine. I can pay this myself.
I won't be claiming all these expenses.
Everyone, you've worked hard.
Today is a good day.
We'll have a gathering during lunch
and all of you can go home
for the rest of the day.
(Losses: Private Kitchen,
Dreamforge Capital,)
(Return to Shore, Zhongdian Web Fiction)
(Profits: Games, M&Y Internet Cafe)
(Tengda's Total Asset)
Everyone,
you've worked hard
on your respective projects.
To be able to obtain the results today,
I'm very satisfied.
So, I want to use this opportunity
to thank everyone.
Wait.
What results have we achieved?
I don't know.
Looking at him,
they might think we are
having a celebratory feast.
Did Mr. Pei suffer some kind of shock?
Is he using this method
to criticize us?
Is Mr. Pei
using the victory mindset method
to encourage us?
I'm confused.
Did we really get paid?
Let me ask Hao Qiong.
Hao Qiong,
did we really make money?
Hao Qiong, why are you laughing?
Did we really make money?
Can you eat?
I don't have an appetite.
Why aren't you eating?
Are you not hungry?
I advise all of you
to come on an empty stomach
during events like these.
What was that saying again?
Eat a grain of the company's rice
and the company will return you
a pot of rice tomorrow.
Look.
Hao Qiong eats well.
We are lacking some main dishes.
I like to eat with rice.
Hao Qiong, look at this.
They are round and shiny.
Make do with this
and think of it as rice.
Get a few spoonfuls.
Chef Lin,
make a few dishes for them,
so they have something to eat.
I'm really happy!
Mr. Pei,
the last batch of colleagues
has enjoyed themselves.
I just sent them off.
Chef Lin, you've worked hard.
Rest early.
Yes.
What's going on?
I think it's here.
I think this should be the place.
It looks like it.
Hello.
Did Lu Zhiyao
come to this farm before?
Farm?
Do you mean the garden?
Is this the private kitchen
at Mingyun Villa?
Why isn't there a restaurant name?
Lu Zhiyao was here, right?
Lu Zhiyao was...
Look. It's this place!
Yao's farm is inside!
Yes!
Everyone!
This is the farm Lu Zhiyao visited!
(Lu Zhiyao)
Let's go!
Go!
What are you doing?
All of you!
No!
You can't come in!
All of you have no reservations!
No! You can't come in!
Someone!
Help!
You can't make reservations today!
You can't come inside!
Stop!
♪Catch the vibe♪
Don't push me!
♪Feeling good♪
♪Feeling light♪
♪Into the atmosphere♪
♪It's how we make it♪
♪No matter how we shake it♪
♪Cause when we participate♪
♪The party always elevates♪
♪Good days♪
♪Good times♪
♪Let it roll♪
♪The sun's up♪
You can't go inside!
We are closed!
Mr. Pei!
What's going on?
Mr. Pei, help!
Are you okay, Chef Lin?
Who are all these people?
♪Keep up♪
♪Nobody move♪
♪Let me school you♪
♪We got to have♪
♪Fun♪
♪Listen♪
♪I need a getaway♪
♪I need an intermission♪
♪Like a tidal wave♪
♪Incoming expedition♪
♪Hey, let the people say♪
♪I took a holiday♪
♪Hey, Baby. What's the play?♪
♪I'm trying to slide♪
♪Pedal to the metal♪
♪Stepping up another level♪
♪Clock out♪
♪And lock in♪
♪With all my close friends♪
♪Let loose♪
♪Let fly♪
♪Jumping in♪
♪Take a dive♪
♪Hang ten♪
♪With a friend♪
♪Buckle up♪
♪Again♪
♪Good times♪
♪Let it roll♪
♪Sun's up♪
♪Let's have a race♪
♪to meet here♪
♪What do we do?♪
♪Nothing can beat that♪
♪Cause you know we are♪
♪Fun♪
♪Surf's up♪
♪Do what they do♪
♪Better keep up♪
♪Nobody move♪
♪Let me school you♪
♪Because we got to have♪
♪Fun♪
♪I'm going to dial my mates♪
♪I'm going to send it in a text♪
♪We are about to get social♪
♪Focus♪
♪Don't wanna miss this♪
♪This kid is in town♪
♪Time to fly♪
♪Book a flight♪
♪Pull up the landing gear♪
♪Feeling good♪
♪Feeling light♪
♪Into the atmosphere♪
♪It's how we make it♪
♪No matter how we shake it♪
♪Cause when we participate♪
♪The party always elevates♪
♪Good days♪
♪Good times♪
♪Let it roll♪
♪Sun's up♪
♪Let's have a race♪
♪To meet here♪
♪What can we do?♪
♪Nothing can beat that♪
♪Cause you know we had♪
♪Fun♪
♪Surf's up♪
♪Do what they do♪
♪Better keep up♪
♪Nobody move♪
♪Let me school you♪
♪Because we got to have♪
♪Fun♪
♪Listen♪
♪I need a getaway♪
♪I need an intermission.♪
♪Like a tidal wave♪
♪Incoming expedition♪
♪Hey, let the people say♪
♪I took a holiday♪
♪Hey, Baby. What's the play?♪
♪I'm trying to slide♪
♪Pedal to the metal♪
♪Stepping up another level♪
♪Clock out♪
♪And lock in♪
♪With all my close friends♪
♪Let loose♪
♪Let fly♪
♪Jumping in♪
♪Take a dive♪
♪Hang ten♪
♪With a friend♪
♪Buckle up♪
♪Surf's up♪
♪Do what they do♪
♪Better keep up♪
♪Nobody move♪
♪Let me school you♪
♪Because we got to have♪
♪Fun♪